Rename OneAgentMetadataEnrichment to DynatraceMetadataEnrichment (#3)
dynatrace-oss-contrib/spring-boot: spring-boot-project/spring-boot-docs/src/docs/asciidoc/actuator/metrics.adoc

When using the Dynatrace v2 API, the following optional features are available:

* Metric key prefix: Sets a prefix that will be prepended to all exported metric keys.

> * Enrich with Dynatrace metadata: If a OneAgent is running, enrich metrics with information about the host and the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enrich with Dynatrace metadata: If a OneAgent or Dynatrace operator is running, enrich metrics with additional metadata (e.g. about the host, process or pod).
```
